# SheepIt Manager

## This is a project I made to make things easier for myself in sheepit, maybe you'll find it useful too.

Also, I'm working on changing some stuff. Changes I have in mind are:
- Neatening the codebase so it's less crappy
- Using Slint instead of Tk for the ui
- Adding CLI support
- making network management actually work how I envisioned
- eventually redoing everything in rust with a bunch of new stuff, but we shall see if that ever becomes a reality 

### Whats in progress
- Migrating from tk to slint. To use slint instead of tk, change the gui variable in the main function to anything other than 'tk'.

### Some Notes:
The slint ui is still being worked on, so if something looks wrong or just outright bad, please let me know :)

### Something I’m ashamed to admit, but I feel like I should say:
The python aspects of this project are mainly generated by AI. Most of the codebase is barely held together crap. I’m working on fixing it, but the Python version of this will probably always suck. 

## What it is
Basically all that this is is a manager for [sheepit](https://sheepit-renderfarm.com), all it really does is add a gui to the .jar with some extra stuff, like multiple gpus on one interface, auto restarts if the client crashes, discord integration, etc. its not amazing, but it works.

## Usage
- Download the zip from [releases](https://github.com/KoolKid6958/Sheepit-Manager/releases/latest) and extract it to your preferred location. You can also clone this repo.
- Run one of the following depending on your operating system to install dependencies
    - Linux: `bash ./makevenv`
    - Windows: Run `makevenv.bat`
    - Mac: Should be the same as linux, but it's not officially supported. 
- To launch it, run one of the following depending on your operating system
    - Linux: `bash ./run`
    - Windows: run `run.bat`
    - Mac: Should be the same as linux, but it's not officially supported.

## Tested platforms
- Linux
    - hyprland
    - gnome
- Windows
